PRIVATE_POLICY.md, before:

# Private policy
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you.

## What information we collect about you
At this point in time Activity timer collects anonymous information in form of a Google Analytic script. Aside from this Activity timer collects time used on cards with a member id reference.

## How we use information we collect
Analytic collected by Google Analytic is only used to benchmark the performance of Activity timer. Besides this information about time tracking collected is used to show different metrics within the card/board it-self.

## How we store and secure information we collect
All Activity timer data is stores within the Trello card. All security measures will rely on Trello. Any data associated with Google Analytics is anonymous & have a retention period of 90 days.

## How to access and control your information
You can at any given time access all data collected by Activity timer using the REST API. You're also able to at any given time manage time trackings or clear all data for a given card.

Commit message:

Updates packages & removed Google Analytics

PRIVATE_POLICY.md, after:

# Private policy
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you.

## What information we collect about you
Activity timer collects and store information on your own Trello board instance related to time tracking and estimation. This includes estimates & recordings of time associated with cards on the Trello board.

## How we use information we collect
The information collected is at your disposal & inaccessible outside of your own Trello board. The data collected's use is entirely up to you and how you decide to use Activity timer.

## How we store and secure information we collect
All Activity timer data is stores within your Trello instance. All security measures will rely on Trello.

## How to access and control your information
You can at any given time access all data collected by Activity timer using the REST API. You're also able to at any given time manage time trackings or clear all data for a given card.
